Add cloud events contract tests diagram (#984)
kyma-project/serverless: tests/serverless/README.md

```bash
go mod download
```

> ### Test flow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Test Flow
```

> ##### Cloud Event Contract tests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Cloud Event Contract Tests
```

![eventing_flow.svg](./eventing_flow.svg)

> To save cloud event to memory, the functions uses two keys:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To save a cloud event to memory, Function uses two keys:
```

> - `ce-source`, identify what kind of the event was sent: `contract-test`or runtime name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `ce-source`, identifies what kind of the event was sent: `contract-test` or runtime name.
```

- `ce-type` - type of event: `test-binary`, `test-structured`, `send-check`

> The same keys are used to fetch saved cloud event by sending `GET` request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The same keys are used to fetch saved cloud events by sending a `GET` request.
```

> Function emit cloud event when `POST` request is sent without cloud event headers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Function emits cloud event when a `POST` request is sent without cloud event headers.
```
